Adds partial download documentation. (#615)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/artifacts/download-and-use-an-artifact.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Partially download an artifact

> You can optionally download part of an artifact based on a prefix. Using the `path_prefix` parameter, you can select a file to download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally download part of an artifact based on a prefix. Using the `path_prefix` parameter, you can download a single file or a set of files with a common prefix, such as files within the same directory. 
```

```python
artifact = run.use_artifact("bike-dataset:latest")

> artifact.download(path_prefix='bike.png') # downloads only bike.png

Reviewer: Could you also add an example of downloading files in a directory please? 

`artifact.download(path_prefix="foo/bar/") # downloads files in the foo/bar directory`

> artifact.download(path_prefix='bike.png') # downloads only bike.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
artifact.download(path_prefix="bike.png") # downloads only bike.png
```
